```swift
struct Response: Codable {
    var results: [Result]
}

struct Result: Codable {
    var trackId: Int
    var trackName: String
    var collectionName: String
}

struct ContentView: View {
    @State private var results = [Result]()

    var body: some View {
        List(results, id: \.trackId) { item in
            VStack(alignment: .leading) {
                Text(item.trackName)
                    .font(.headline)
                Text(item.collectionName)
            }
        }
        .task {
		    await loadData()
		}
    }
}

func loadData() async {
	guard let url = URL(string: "https://itunes.apple.com/search?term=taylor+swift&entity=song") else {
	    print("Invalid URL")
	    return
	}

	do {
	    let (data, _) = try await URLSession.shared.data(from: url)
	
	    if let decodedResponse = try? JSONDecoder().decode(Response.self, from: data) {
		    results = decodedResponse.results
		}
	} catch {
	    print("Invalid data")
	}
}
```

We want fetching dat to be run as soon as our `List` is shown, but we can’t just use `onAppear()` here because that doesn’t know how to handle sleeping functions – it expects its function to be synchronous. 

SwiftUI provides a different modifier for these kinds of tasks, giving it a particularly easy to remember name: `task()`. This _can_ call functions that might go to sleep for a while; all Swift asks us to do is mark those functions with a second keyword, `await`, so we’re explicitly acknowledging that a sleep might happen.

**Tip:** Think of `await` as being like `try` – we’re saying we understand a sleep might happen, in the same way `try` says we acknowledge an error might be thrown.

_Inside_ `loadData()` we have three steps we need to complete:
1. Creating the URL we want to read.
2. Fetching the data for that URL.
3. Decoding the result of that data into a `Response` struct.

That introduced three important things, so let’s break it down:
1. Our work is being done by the `data(from:)` method, which takes a URL and returns the `Data`object at that URL. This method belongs to the `URLSession` class, which you can create and configure by hand if you want, but you can also use a shared instance that comes with sensible defaults.
2. The return value from `data(from:)` is a tuple containing the data at the URL and some metadata describing how the request went. We don’t use the metadata, but we _do_ want the URL’s data, hence the underscore – we create a new local constant for the data, and toss the metadata away.
3. When using both `try` and `await` at the same time, we must write `try await` – using `await try`is not allowed. There’s no special reason for this, but they had to pick one so they went with the one that reads more naturally.
