One common way to store a small amount of data is called `UserDefaults`, and it’s great for simple user preferences. There is no specific number attached to “a small amount”, but everything you store in `UserDefaults` will automatically be loaded when your app launches – if you store a lot in there your app launch will slow down. To give you at least an _idea_, you should aim to store no more than 512KB in there.

```swift
struct ContentView: View {
    @State private var tapCount = UserDefaults.standard.integer(forKey: "Tap")

    var body: some View {
        Button("Tap count: \(tapCount)") {
            tapCount += 1
            UserDefaults.standard.set(tapCount, forKey: "Tap")
        }
    }
}
```

1. We need to use `UserDefaults.standard`. This is the built-in instance of `UserDefaults` that is attached to our app, but in more advanced apps you can create your own instances. For example, if you want to share defaults across several app extensions you might create your own `UserDefaults` instance.
2. There is a single `set()` method that accepts any kind of data – integers, Booleans, strings, and more.
3. We attach a string name to this data, in our case it’s the key “Tap”. This key is case-sensitive, just like regular Swift strings, and it’s important – we need to use the same key to read the data back out of `UserDefaults`.

SwiftUI provides an `@AppStorage` property wrapper around `UserDefaults`, and in simple situations like this one it’s really helpful. What it does is let us effectively ignore `UserDefaults`entirely, and just use `@AppStorage` rather than `@State`, like this:
```swift
struct ContentView: View {
    @AppStorage("tapCount") private var tapCount = 0

    var body: some View {
        Button("Tap count: \(tapCount)") {
            tapCount += 1
        }
    }
}
```

Again, there are three things I want to point out in there:

1. Our access to the `UserDefaults` system is through the `@AppStorage` property wrapper. This works like `@State`: when the value changes, it will reinvoked the `body` property so our UI reflects the new data.
2. We attach a string name, which is the `UserDefaults` key where we want to store the data. I’ve used “tapCount”, but it can be anything at all – it doesn’t need to match the property name.
3. The rest of the property is declared as normal, including providing a default value of 0. That will be used if there is no existing value saved inside `UserDefaults`.

Clearly using `@AppStorage` is easier than `UserDefaults`: it’s one line of code rather than two, and it also means we don’t have to repeat the key name each time. However, right now at least `@AppStorage`doesn’t make it easy to handle storing complex objects such as Swift structs – perhaps because Apple wants us to remember that storing lots of data in there is a bad idea!

**Important:** When it comes to you submitting an app to the App Store, Apple asks that you let them know why you're loading and saving data using `UserDefaults`. This also applies to the `@AppStorage`property wrapper. It's nothing to worry about, they just want to make sure developers aren't trying to identify users across apps.
